Go until jurong point, crazy.. Available only in bugis n great world la e buffet... Cine there got amore wat...
Ok lar... Joking wif u oni...
Free entry in 2 a wkly comp to win FA Cup final tkts 21st May 2005. Text FA to 87121 to receive entry question(std txt rate)T&C's apply 08452810075over18's
U dun say so early hor... U c already then say...
Nah I don't think he goes to usf, he lives around here though
FreeMsg Hey there darling it's been 3 week's now and no word back! I'd like some fun you up for it still? Tb ok! XxX std chgs to send, å£1.50 to rcv
Even my brother is not like to speak with me. They treat me like aids patent.
As per your request 'Melle Melle (Oru Minnaminunginte Nurungu Vettam)' has been set as your callertune for all Callers. Press *9 to copy your friends Callertune
WINNER!! As a valued network customer you have been selected to receivea å£900 prize reward! To claim call 09061701461. Claim code KL341. Valid 12 hours only.
Had your mobile 11 months or more? U R entitled to Update to the latest colour mobiles with camera for Free! Call The Mobile Update Co FREE on 08002986030
I'm gonna be home soon and i don't want to talk about this stuff anymore tonight, k? I've cried enough today.
SIX chances to win CASH! From 100 to 20,000 pounds txt> CSH11 and send to 87575. Cost 150p/day, 6days, 16+ TsandCs apply Reply HL 4 info
URGENT! You have won a 1 week FREE membership in our å£100,000 Prize Jackpot! Txt the word: CLAIM to No: 81010 T&C www.dbuk.net LCCLTD POBOX 4403LDNW1A7RW18
I've been searching for the right words to thank you for this breather. I promise i wont take your help for granted and will fulfil my promise. You have been wonderful and a blessing at all times.
I HAVE A DATE ON SUNDAY WITH WILL!!
XXXMobileMovieClub: To use your credit, click the WAP link in the next txt message or click here>> http://wap. xxxmobilemovieclub.com?n=QJKGIGHJJGCBL
Oh k...i'm watching here:)
Eh u remember how 2 spell his name... Yes i did. He v naughty make until i v wet.
Fine if thatåÕs the way u feel. ThatåÕs the way its gota b
England v Macedonia - dont miss the goals/team news. Txt ur national team to 87077 eg ENGLAND to 87077 Try:WALES, SCOTLAND 4txt/Ì¼1.20 POBOXox36504W45WQ 16+
Is that seriously how you spell his name?
I‰Û÷m going to try for 2 months ha ha only joking
So Ì_ pay first lar... Then when is da stock comin...
Aft i finish my lunch then i go str down lor. Ard 3 smth lor. U finish ur lunch already?
Ffffffffff. Alright no way I can meet up with you sooner?
Just forced myself to eat a slice. I'm really not hungry tho. This sucks. Mark is getting worried. He knows I'm sick when I turn down pizza. Lol
Lol your always so convincing.
Did you catch the bus ? Are you frying an egg ? Did you make a tea? Are you eating your mom's left over dinner ? Do you feel my Love ?
I'm back &amp; we're packing the car now, I'll let you know if there's room
Ahhh. Work. I vaguely remember that! What does it feel like? Lol
Wait that's still not all that clear, were you not sure about me being sarcastic or that that's why x doesn't want to live with us
Yeah he got in at 2 and was v apologetic. n had fallen out and she was actin like spoilt child and he got caught up in that. Till 2! But we won't go there! Not doing too badly cheers. You? 
K tell me anything about you.
For fear of fainting with the of all that housework you just did? Quick have a cuppa
Thanks for your subscription to Ringtone UK your mobile will be charged å£5/month Please confirm by replying YES or NO. If you reply NO you will not be charged
Yup... Ok i go home look at the timings then i msg Ì_ again... Xuhui going to learn on 2nd may too but her lesson is at 8am
Oops, I'll let you know when my roommate's done
I see the letter B on my car
Anything lor... U decide...
Hello! How's you and how did saturday go? I was just texting to see if you'd decided to do anything tomo. Not that i'm trying to invite myself or anything!
Pls go ahead with watts. I just wanted to be sure. Do have a great weekend. Abiola
Did I forget to tell you ? I want you , I need you, I crave you ... But most of all ... I love you my sweet Arabian steed ... Mmmmmm ... Yummy
07732584351 - Rodger Burns - MSG = We tried to call you re your reply to our sms for a free nokia mobile + free camcorder. Please call now 08000930705 for delivery tomorrow
WHO ARE YOU SEEING?
Great! I hope you like your man well endowed. I am  &lt;#&gt;  inches...
No calls..messages..missed calls
Didn't you get hep b immunisation in nigeria.
Fair enough, anything going on?
Yeah hopefully, if tyler can't do it I could maybe ask around a bit
U don't know how stubborn I am. I didn't even want to go to the hospital. I kept telling Mark I'm not a weak sucker. Hospitals are for weak suckers.
What you thinked about me. First time you saw me in class.
A gram usually runs like  &lt;#&gt; , a half eighth is smarter though and gets you almost a whole second gram for  &lt;#&gt;
K fyi x has a ride early tomorrow morning but he's crashing at our place tonight
Wow. I never realized that you were so embarassed by your accomodations. I thought you liked it, since i was doing the best i could and you always seemed so happy about \the cave\". I'm sorry I didn't and don't have more to give. I'm sorry i offered. I'm sorry your room was so embarassing."
SMS. ac Sptv: The New Jersey Devils and the Detroit Red Wings play Ice Hockey. Correct or Incorrect? End? Reply END SPTV
Do you know what Mallika Sherawat did yesterday? Find out now @  &lt;URL&gt;
Congrats! 1 year special cinema pass for 2 is yours. call 09061209465 now! C Suprman V, Matrix3, StarWars3, etc all 4 FREE! bx420-ip4-5we. 150pm. Dont miss out! 
Sorry, I'll call later in meeting.
Tell where you reached
Yes..gauti and sehwag out of odi series.
Your gonna have to pick up a $1 burger for yourself on your way home. I can't even move. Pain is killing me.
Ha ha ha good joke. Girls are situation seekers.
Its a part of checking IQ
Sorry my roommates took forever, it ok if I come by now?
Ok lar i double check wif da hair dresser already he said wun cut v short. He said will cut until i look nice.
As a valued customer, I am pleased to advise you that following recent review of your Mob No. you are awarded with a å£1500 Bonus Prize, call 09066364589
Today is \song dedicated day..\" Which song will u dedicate for me? Send this to all ur valuable frnds but first rply me..."
Urgent UR awarded a complimentary trip to EuroDisinc Trav, Aco&Entry41 Or å£1000. To claim txt DIS to 87121 18+6*å£1.50(moreFrmMob. ShrAcomOrSglSuplt)10, LS1 3AJ
Did you hear about the new \Divorce Barbie\"? It comes with all of Ken's stuff!"
I plane to give on this month end.
Wah lucky man... Then can save money... Hee...
Finished class where are you.
HI BABE IM AT HOME NOW WANNA DO SOMETHING? XX
K..k:)where are you?how did you performed?
U can call me now...
I am waiting machan. Call me once you free.
Thats cool. i am a gentleman and will treat you with dignity and respect.
I like you peoples very much:) but am very shy pa.
Does not operate after  &lt;#&gt;  or what
Its not the same here. Still looking for a job. How much do Ta's earn there.
Sorry, I'll call later
K. Did you call me just now ah? 
Ok i am on the way to home hi hi
You will be in the place of that man
Yup next stop.
I call you later, don't have network. If urgnt, sms me.
For real when u getting on yo? I only need 2 more tickets and one more jacket and I'm done. I already used all my multis.
Yes I started to send requests to make it but pain came back so I'm back in bed. Double coins at the factory too. I gotta cash in all my nitros.
I'm really not up to it still tonight babe
Ela kano.,il download, come wen ur free..
Yeah do! Don‰Û÷t stand to close tho- you‰Û÷ll catch something!
Sorry to be a pain. Is it ok if we meet another night? I spent late afternoon in casualty and that means i haven't done any of y stuff42moro and that includes all my time sheets and that. Sorry. 
Smile in Pleasure Smile in Pain Smile when trouble pours like Rain Smile when sum1 Hurts U Smile becoz SOMEONE still Loves to see u Smiling!!
Please call our customer service representative on 0800 169 6031 between 10am-9pm as you have WON a guaranteed å£1000 cash or å£5000 prize!
Havent planning to buy later. I check already lido only got 530 show in e afternoon. U finish work already?
Your free ringtone is waiting to be collected. Simply text the password \MIX\" to 85069 to verify. Get Usher and Britney. FML
Watching telugu movie..wat abt u?
i see. When we finish we have loads of loans to pay
Hi. Wk been ok - on hols now! Yes on for a bit of a run. Forgot that i have hairdressers appointment at four so need to get home n shower beforehand. Does that cause prob for u?\"ham"
Please don't text me anymore. I have nothing else to say.
